Our shares are now all leaked.
That bitch in Van took it away alone
Where is the money to pay the 30 million?
Look at your old son
Don't be afraid son
Happy to spend the money too
We are the parents who gave birth to them after all
Little
OK
I won't let you follow me into this debt
So immediately
Don't worry about calling now.
Yueyue, are you too happy?
Hey, don't worry.
Go home and have a look.
Your mom just fell
Come by yourself
Your mother is sick now
He doesn't want to see that trash Ryuida again
What? My mom fell?
Right
Come quickly
You dead old man
Why don't you use wrestling as an excuse?
You know, crops.
But don't worry, this kid
Now.
Will be back
By the way, parents
Since we tricked the dinner back first
Then we might as well do it all the time
So let's